killerfish,salmon -> goldfish
herring,humanfish -> cod
cod,cod -> ray
killerfish,clownfish -> shark
crabfish,crabfish -> crabfish
eel,ray -> goldfish
eel,herring -> crabfish
herring,clownfish -> humanfish
goldfish,ray -> goldfish
cod,killerfish -> salmon
crabfish,humanfish -> herring
salmon,ray -> humanfish
clownfish,silverfish -> shark
killerfish,ray -> ray
eel,goldfish -> ray
salmon,shark -> salmon
crabfish,eel -> ray
salmon,goldfish -> shark
clownfish,ray -> humanfish
clownfish,cod -> humanfish
killerfish,silverfish -> herring
goldfish,salmon -> eel
herring,ray -> crabfish
salmon,salmon -> herring
humanfish,clownfish -> herring
herring,shark -> killerfish
clownfish,herring -> shark
shark,killerfish -> shark
crabfish,clownfish -> clownfish
eel,cod -> cod
clownfish,humanfish -> clownfish
herring,goldfish -> eel
shark,herring -> silverfish
crabfish,killerfish -> salmon
goldfish,crabfish -> silverfish
clownfish,goldfish -> goldfish
killerfish,shark -> crabfish
goldfish,goldfish -> goldfish
cod,ray -> killerfish
ray,ray -> eel
humanfish,salmon -> ray
humanfish,cod -> shark
crabfish,shark -> shark
shark,humanfish -> silverfish
humanfish,goldfish -> goldfish
goldfish,silverfish -> salmon
silverfish,crabfish -> eel
ray,herring -> goldfish
herring,herring -> killerfish
cod,silverfish -> humanfish
humanfish,eel -> salmon
shark,cod -> killerfish
shark,salmon -> crabfish
silverfish,killerfish -> crabfish
herring,killerfish -> silverfish
crabfish,cod -> eel
goldfish,cod -> salmon
clownfish,clownfish -> goldfish
cod,herring -> salmon
salmon,crabfish -> clownfish
ray,eel -> eel
ray,clownfish -> killerfish
salmon,killerfish -> salmon
ray,salmon -> goldfish
silverfish,ray -> goldfish
goldfish,herring -> cod
eel,clownfish -> crabfish
eel,humanfish -> goldfish
killerfish,killerfish -> ray
silverfish,humanfish -> humanfish
salmon,herring -> goldfish
goldfish,humanfish -> crabfish
eel,killerfish -> eel
humanfish,herring -> clownfish
killerfish,humanfish -> ray
ray,silverfish -> cod
cod,clownfish -> salmon
herring,silverfish -> eel
humanfish,humanfish -> clownfish
cod,shark -> shark
silverfish,silverfish -> eel
crabfish,herring -> crabfish
ray,shark -> silverfish
ray,humanfish -> humanfish
eel,eel -> ray
salmon,cod -> shark
silverfish,shark -> salmon
shark,ray -> clownfish
silverfish,herring -> salmon
goldfish,eel -> goldfish
herring,salmon -> silverfish
herring,eel -> clownfish
silverfish,salmon -> humanfish
humanfish,crabfish -> silverfish
humanfish,ray -> humanfish
killerfish,eel -> cod
goldfish,shark -> crabfish
ray,killerfish -> silverfish
killerfish,cod -> killerfish
humanfish,shark -> crabfish
herring,cod -> clownfish
ray,crabfish -> clownfish
shark,clownfish -> herring
shark,silverfish -> cod
crabfish,ray -> clownfish
clownfish,eel -> goldfish
salmon,eel -> shark
eel,crabfish -> shark
ray,cod -> crabfish
crabfish,silverfish -> cod
silverfish,goldfish -> cod
goldfish,clownfish -> goldfish
salmon,silverfish -> humanfish
shark,crabfish -> salmon
eel,salmon -> salmon
clownfish,shark -> ray
ray,goldfish -> silverfish
cod,eel -> eel
cod,humanfish -> clownfish
salmon,clownfish -> clownfish
humanfish,killerfish -> clownfish
cod,crabfish -> eel
silverfish,eel -> shark
killerfish,goldfish -> herring
cod,salmon -> herring
clownfish,crabfish -> crabfish
cod,goldfish -> ray
shark,eel -> eel
clownfish,salmon -> ray
killerfish,crabfish -> eel
crabfish,goldfish -> crabfish
shark,goldfish -> cod
silverfish,clownfish -> ray
humanfish,silverfish -> killerfish
silverfish,cod -> ray
herring,crabfish -> cod
goldfish,killerfish -> clownfish
shark,shark -> goldfish
crabfish,salmon -> clownfish
clownfish,killerfish -> crabfish
eel,shark -> killerfish
killerfish,herring -> cod
salmon,humanfish -> goldfish
eel,silverfish -> shark
